{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Live MBTA Service Information\

\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 BETA 2 NOTES\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}The main window is now tabbed.  Access settings and help via the Settings Tab.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}You can send me email on the Settings page.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}The settings page allows you to exclude modes.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}You can choose not to track your location on the map.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}If you zoom out far enough, bus stops will not be displayed.  A message telling you to zoom in to see bus stops appears.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}Subway, Commuter Rail, and bus stops have different icons when displayed.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}The predictions page displays when the data was polled.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}If a prediction has a small dot at the beginning, that means there is an active vehicle on its way. No dot means the vehicle probably hasn't started on its route. This is most useful for buses.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}On the prediction page, if you tap on a prediction, the map will immediately display all the stops and vehicles for that route.  This functionality may change depending on how useful it is.  Is it useful to see where a vehicle is?  If it is, should the map reposition to show all stops and vehicles (like it does) or should it just show the closest vehicle?  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
YOUR SUGGESTIONS ARE WELCOME!\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 Feel free to send me an email from within the app or at drewferreira83@gmail.com\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 MAIN MAP
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 Vicini
\f0\b T
\f1\b0  will display MBTA service stops as you move the map.  Tap on a stop to see the stop name and MBTA routes that serve that stop.  Tap on the bubble to see the current predictions for all routes serving that stop.
\fs28 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 MAP BUTTONS
\f1\b0\fs36 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 These buttons are in the lower right of the map:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Favorite\ulnone : Show the closest favorite station.\
\ul Location\ulnone : Center the map on your current location.  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 ZOOMING 
\f1\b0\fs36 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Because of the density of bus stops, you might need to zoom in to your neighborhood to have them displayed.  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 PREDICTIONS
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 The predictions for a particular stop are grouped by route.  The direction, destination, status, and current departure prediction for a vehicle is displayed. \
\
If a vehicle terminates at a stop, the time shown will be the arrival time, prefixed with \'93Arr:\'94 \
\
Platform information is provided when available.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 FAVORITE STOPS
\f1\b0\fs36 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 When examining the predictions at a stop, you can mark that stop as a favorite by selecting the star next to the stop name at the top.  Favorite stops are always indicated, regardless of map scale. 
\f0\b [BUG: Favorite Bus Stops are not displayed if you are zoomed out].
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 PRIVACY
\f1\b0\fs36 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This app uses your location to look for MBTA services near you.  This information is not stored, but is transmitted anonymously to the MBTA to search for stops near you.  You can still use Vicini
\f0\b T
\f1\b0  without providing your current location, but you\'92ll lose some useful functionality.\
\
\
\
}